Title da Pagina: Article's Page
Tipo de CSS : Externo.
FONTE para utilizar: 
@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Vollkorn:ital,wght@0,400;0,500;1,400;1,500&display=swap');
declaração => font-family: 'Vollkorn', serif;

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Links do Menu:    
Home <= Este tem que estar activo.
Our Story
Membership
Write

Titulo: This Is How to Get Your Dream Job Quicker than You Think
subtítulo: It’s child’s play when you break it into these simple steps.

imagem : https://miro.medium.com/max/700/1*FR9hzez9Ib3MTih_R5Bd3Q.jpeg

I hope to never work a job again.

But I’ve spent most of my career in jobs. A decade of working in finance gave me an interesting
perspective.

I got to see many people get their version of a dream job. My curiosity would often go into hyperdrive,
so I’d ask them how they did it. Eventually I used what I learned to get my dream job.
Here’s what I learned about dreams jobs while chasing my own.

The bizarre thing about a dream job

My dream job was unexpected and isn’t what you’d think.

I got a job working with two other guys. We became best friends. The work we did isn’t anything to tell
your mother about. But the bonds we formed made it my dream job.
I have fantasies about working a dream job like this again. Yet, I know it’s unlikely to ever happen
once more.

The autonomy of self-employment is too good to give up.

Takeaway: The people you work with make a job a dream.

Find the third door

Many employees are delusional.

They think they’ll find their dream job via a job ad aka the front door.

Unlikely.

Job postings are nothing more than ads. Many of them aren’t even real. They’re a way to collect email
addresses. Lol. You could say job ads are a lead magnet. Don’t worry, I’m a sucker, I fell for it too.
The second door is where you patiently warm your office seat each day waiting for an opportunity to come
up. This is the career ladder p*rn HR sell to attract talent. Most of the time it’s a mirage.
Dream jobs are found when you look for the third door.

How?

You have conversations. Instead of competing for jobs you become a connector of humans. Let me tell you
how it happened to me.

I got in a lift. A farmer got in at the same time. I struck up a conversation — not small talk. The next
day I saw him again in the hallway. We spoke some more.

I did this several times with zero self-interest.

Eventually we got to know each other through work. He turned out to be a big shot that managed one of the
largest tech companies in the world.

He introduced me to everyone he knew. (These are people you can’t look up on LinkedIn.) One day a job
came up. It was working with him.

No job ad went up.

[“Hey Timbo, you wanna come work for me mate?”] Italic.

That’s it. I got to name the salary. I got to name the hours. I got to pick the office. I got to handpick
the clients I wanted. I didn’t work based on the company rules. Our team had our own rules.
Like I said, best job in the world. All from hallway conversations.

Smash the third door down

Another trick is to use LinkedIn — but not how dummies do.

Spend time each day finding interesting people. Spark up conversations with them in DMs. Read what they
say online before you reach out.

If there’s a dream company you want to work for, then your LinkedIn account is how you get an unfair
advantage.

Find employees who already work for the brand (ideally mutual connections). If you have none then look up
employees likely to be around the dream job you want. Start conversations with them.
Once there’s a bit of rapport going don’t ask them for help.

Tell them what your goal is.

Sample line:
HIGHLIGHT:[My goal is to work for Microsoft.] Obviously you work there. What have you seen people in my position do
to get a job there? What did YOU do at the start to get an opportunity? Feel free not to share if you
aren’t comfortable.
This strategy will lead to warm intros. Some people may even be wild enough to give you a reference or
introduce you to hiring managers.

Dunning-Kruger effect is where incompetent dummies think they’re smart and better at a job than they
actually are.

Don’t be this person.

Say “I don’t know once or twice.” It shows you’re willing to learn rather than showing up as a fake
genius that’s frequently conquered Mount Stupid.

Then tell them you’ll find the answer and get back to them via email.

Thinking you’re the smartest person in the room is a disease. It kills many dream jobs silently.

|| Send a follow up || com link para https://medium.com => (prémio para quem souber como se abre um link noutro separador. senão souberem gritem!)

It’s your dream job we’re talking about.

Don’t go through all that effort and then be a lazy ass and wait to hear back. ‘Proactive” is your middle
name, remember?

Follow up after the interview with a right hook to the face email.

Example: “Even if I don’t get the job, I learned this one thing… It’s made the whole interview process
worth it regardless of the outcome. Thanks again for the opportunity. Would be good to stay connected
too.”

Expect rejection

It’s your dream job. It’s supposed to be hard. Don’t cry like a baby if you get rejected.

Do this instead:
- “Is there anything I can improve on?”
- “How would I go about finding out about future opportunities so I can try again? 
I’m persistent and this is a career goal of mine.”


// Related Articles - Serão 3 iguais.
Thumbnail: https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/112/112/1*ktVD8n-IgmDkDhGoBt8rxw.jpeg
Título: Why I Stopped Calling Myself a “Freelance Writer”
Content:The gift and the curse of an often-underestimated job title —  
        Several years ago, the CEO of a prominent product development services company approached me 
        to help out with copywriting and publicity. I had started my own editorial studio, Wonder Shuttle, 
        and gave myself the job title of creative director. That didn’t matter much, because most of my 
        network still knew…
